ProjectProposal.md, before:

# Ultimate Tic-Tac-Toe (OCaml & Rescript)

This repository contains code for running ultimate tic-tac-toe using Rescript and OCaml.

## Project Proposal

The purpose of this project is to create a game of ultimate tic-tac-toe that can be played as a web application through the use of OCaml and Rescript.

The project proposal is split up into multiple different parts within our repository.

A mock of the application is basically a game of tic-tac-toe with a game of tic-tac-toe in each square. A mock screenshot of the application is below, and game rules can be found in `./ThePlan.md`

![mock-image](./mock-image.png)

The commented module types are currently under `FPSE_Final_Project/src/ultimatettt.mli`, with the rendering steps at the end of `./ThePlan.md`. Additionally, we have `.resi` module types that split up these module types in `ultimatettt.mli` within our app folder, `FPSE_Final_Project/app/ultimate`

The libraries we plan on using are within the requirements below; we plan on using Rescript, which is essentially OCaml with more bells and whistles to allow for frontend implmementation. We have verified that Rescript works for us, and a project shell exists under `FPSE_Final_Project/app/ultimate`, which we used with local tutorial examples.

Additionally, the list of what order we will implement features is contained within `./ThePlan.md`.

/You may also include any other information which will make it easier to understand your project.

## Package Requirements

- OCaml version 4.14.0
- Rescript

Commit message:

Adding how the work is split up

ProjectProposal.md, after:

# Ultimate Tic-Tac-Toe (OCaml & Rescript)

This repository contains code for running ultimate tic-tac-toe using Rescript and OCaml.

## Project Proposal

The purpose of this project is to create a game of ultimate tic-tac-toe that can be played as a web application through the use of OCaml and Rescript.

The project proposal is split up into multiple different parts within our repository.

A mock of the application is basically a game of tic-tac-toe with a game of tic-tac-toe in each square. A mock screenshot of the application is below, and game rules can be found in `./ThePlan.md`

![mock-image](./mock-image.png)

The commented module types are currently under `FPSE_Final_Project/src/ultimatettt.mli`, with the rendering steps at the end of `./ThePlan.md`. Additionally, we have `.resi` module types that split up these module types in `ultimatettt.mli` within our app folder, `FPSE_Final_Project/app/ultimate`

The libraries we plan on using are within the requirements below; we plan on using Rescript, which is essentially OCaml with more bells and whistles to allow for frontend implmementation. We have verified that Rescript works for us, and a project shell exists under `FPSE_Final_Project/app/ultimate`, which we used with local tutorial examples.

Additionally, the list of what order we will implement features is contained within `./ThePlan.md`.

We plan on splitting up the project into two main portions: rendering the frontend/web portion, and the backend logic that runs this frontend portion. The two of us will each pick of these portions and work on it over the course of the project, but will also collaborate on key portions (such as communication between the backend and frontend, game logic, etc.).

## Package Requirements

- OCaml version 4.14.0
- Rescript
